# Project Info
This project is based on the Serenity BDD Cucumber Starter project. It is a simple project that demonstrates how to use Serenity BDD with Cucumber,  https://github.com/serenity-bdd/serenity-cucumber-page-objects-starter.git


## Execution of tests
The best place to start with Serenity and Cucumber is to clone or download the starter project on Github ([https://github.com/serenity-bdd/serenity-cucumber-starter](https://github.com/serenity-bdd/serenity-cucumber-starter)). This project gives you a basic project setup, along with some sample tests and supporting classes. There are two versions to choose from. The master branch uses a more classic approach, using action classes and lightweight page objects, whereas the **[screenplay](https://github.com/serenity-bdd/serenity-cucumber-starter/tree/screenplay)** branch shows the same sample test implemented using Screenplay.

By default, the tests will run using Chrome. You can run them in Firefox by overriding the `driver` system property, e.g.
```
$ mvn clean verify -Ddriver=firefox
```

The test results will be recorded in the `target/site/serenity` directory.

## Generating the reports
Since the Serenity reports contain aggregate information about all of the tests, they are not generated after each individual test (as this would be extremenly inefficient). Rather, The Full Serenity reports are generated by the `serenity-maven-plugin`. You can trigger this by running `mvn serenity:aggregate` from the command line or from your IDE.

They reports are also integrated into the Maven build process: the following code in the `pom.xml` file causes the reports to be generated automatically once all the tests have completed when you run `mvn verify`?
